so we're talking about doing Restylane
oh yeah is that good keeping the camera
are we there are we there okay okay so
today we're talking about the new
product Restylane silk we love this new
product it's part of the Restylane line
there's Restylane silk which is a small
molecule small cube
there's wrestling which is a bigger cube
and then there's Perlane which is an
even larger cube they're all made out of
hyaluronic acid so they're a great
product this new one is terrific because
we can use it in areas where um you just
need fine-tuning in areas where you have
thin skin where the bigger particles
might show through particularly around
the eyes where the skin is thin and also
for fine lines and also for acne scars
so I'm really excited about this product
now Lea Arwen is our executive director
here and I told the the group that he
had an a-frame deformity and he's been
obsessed with this because he would you
tell me I thought I just said we need to
get it fixed ever since you told me ever
since I told him like which was a month
ago right he's been asking for this
correction because he can't think about
anything else he doesn't even know what
it is if I pointed it out in the mirror
I'd say if I asked him to point it out
in a mirror he wouldn't know so what
we're going to do is we're just going to
put a little bit of filler right here
and a little bit on the lower part
because one of the places you really
start to show your aging first is around
the eyes we lose fat and collagen so it
starts to create this hollowness here
and then youthful people look around at
all of our young staff you'll see that
the the eye and the cheek sort of meet
and there's no real sharp transition but
if you look at older people what you'll
see is you'll see that demarcation and
so we're going to try to soften that
Onley so do we have to great okay thank
you and I just want her to people yeah
hahaha
and I would just let you know leer when
is the worst patient I've ever had in my
life and this is confirmed julio can
confirm that I'm not just making up
stories
so okay so if he jumps keep in mind
those people watching this video it
really isn't that painful it's just Lee
as a nervous kind of guy right Lee
mm-hmm are you going to try to be brave
okay here we go so what we're doing this
is the a-frame deformity we start to get
a hollowness right here and as it you'll
notice in a lot of people they start to
see
Cave almost a cave in their eyes and so
with this product that helps to fill on
that and there are people where you can
almost see the back of their eyeball
because they're so Hollow and after
people have left oftentimes they look
worse because it's can-can skeletonize
them as well so we're taking care of
that that that effect okay so we just
put a little bit of product here
good and it's subtle we don't need to do
a lot we just want to eliminate that
just a little bit of hollowness right
here now there are people out there who
actually have to remove the fat pad here
because they actually have too much
fullness in that area so you can see and
then you just put a little pressure one
of the things with silk is they say we
shouldn't put too much pressure now we
also want to build this up because he's
getting just a little bit of hollowness
here so what we do is we just do some
demos along the eye and you're being a
very bravely and now he's getting a
little bit of these little jumpy he's
getting a little bit of wrinkling here
so with his silk I actually like it
because we can put it in areas where we
haven't done it before likes to just
soften up some of these lines that he's
getting on his forehead because youth is
all about smooth surfaces you know it's
smooth smooth smooth transition smooth
surfaces and with age with loss of
collagen elastic fibers we start to see
you know the bony prominence is
appearing in our skin
there we go and the nice thing is you
can just sort of gently rub and it
actually smooths everything out are you
are you going to write you to an okay
legal my eyes are twitching because it's
morning one more and just one more here
okay great
now go ahead and clean them up please
Jose he just has a tiny little bit of
bleeding and the one thing that we want
to do is you know when you're when
you're working around the eyes there's a
high chance that you're going to have
bruising because there are so many blood
vessels and so that's common so we want
to make sure that they our patients use
ice as much as possible for the first 24
hours we recommend ten minutes on the
hour while you're awake that is going to
look great
and just put pressure on that little
bruise we gave them right there so if
you do get a bruise you want to just put
pressure on there for about five minutes
before we start the icing process okay
great thank you Rick thank you